Accept internationalized and uppercase email addresses in auth (#4695)
wasp-lang/wasp: web/docs/auth/email/create-your-own-ui.md

Even though Wasp offers premade [Auth UI](../ui.md) for your authentication flows, there are times when you might want more customization, so we also give you the option to create your own UI and call Wasp's auth actions from your own code, similar to how Auth UI does it under the hood.

:::note Handling the internationalized email input

> We use `type="text"` with `inputMode=email` because it allows unicode/international characters, while `type=email` only allows ASCII / english letters.

Author: todo: fix typo, first `/` has no spaces

Author: Also keep unicode with capitcal U to be consistent, so Unicode?

Reviewer: and autocomplete="email"?

Reviewer: Ok so I guess if they use type=email, no big deal, they are just limiting input field more than our validator, right?

Btw you use double quotes around `text` but not around `email`.

Even though Wasp offers premade [Auth UI](../ui.md) for your authentication flows, there are times when you might want more customization, so we also give you the option to create your own UI and call Wasp's auth actions from your own code, similar to how Auth UI does it under the hood.

:::note Handling the email input

> The examples below treat the email input the way Auth UI does. They use `type="text"` with `inputMode="email"` instead of `type="email"`, because browsers validate `type="email"` against an ASCII-only grammar that rejects the internationalized addresses Wasp accepts. They also trim the address before submitting it, which `type="email"` used to take care of on its own.

Reviewer 2: TMI, could be a single sentence: "we use inputMode=email because it allows unicode/international characters, while type=email only allows ASCII / english letters"

> Wasp validates the address on the server either way, so a malformed one comes back as an error you can show to the user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Wasp validates the address on the server either way, so an invalid one comes back as an error you can show to the user.
```
kind of an obscure word maybe?
